Few minor changes (and Wiki-Links) (#1071)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/variants.tex

  \end{center}
  \columnbreak

  \subsection*{Visiting a Creature Bank Location}
  When you enter a Creature Bank Location, you must defeat the corresponding Creature Bank units defending it.
  If you win, resolve the Field's effect and mark it with a Black Cube.
  Because these Fields don't have any Difficulty Level, Quick Combat never happens, there is no Round limit, no need to spend MP to extend Combat, and you don't gain any \svg{experience}.
  The defending units and all effects of all Creature Bank Locations are listed in \pagelink{Creature Bank List}{All Map Locations}.

  \subsection*{Combat in a Creature Bank}
  When you start Combat at a Creature Bank, place up to 5 of your units in the player deployment zone.

>   Depending on the Creature Bank you are visiting, take the corresponding units from the Creature Bank unit cards and place them randomly in the Neutral unit deployment zone. Creature Bank Unit cards don't have a tier (\svg{bronze}, \svg{silver}, \svg{golden}, \svg{azure}), therefore all effects that interact with tiers do not work for them (e.g. the Spell \wikilink{spells/berserk}{Berserk}).

Reviewer: Can we leave that one out? @DarthGandalf started something in #1070

Reviewer 2: No, I only did AI priority for them, not how they are affected by spells.

I like this addition, but not the placement of it. Maybe add separate subsection Creature Bank Units?

  After Combat, return all Creature Bank units back to the Creature Bank units cards pile.
  If you win, you claim the Creature Bank's reward, as well as an additional reward for the Stacked units you defeated.

  \subsection*{Creature Bank Units}

>   Creature Bank Unit cards don't have a tier (\svg{bronze}, \svg{silver}, \svg{golden}, \svg{azure}), therefore all effects that interact with tiers do not work for them (e.g. the \wikilink{spells/berserk}{Berserk Spell}), and they have special rules for \pagelink{AI Units}{AI targeting}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Creature Bank Unit cards do not have a tier (\svg{bronze}\svg{silver}\svg{golden}\svg{azure}).
  As a result, any effects that depend on tiers (e.g., \wikilink{spells/berserk}{Berserk Spell}) do not apply to them.
  In addition, they follow special rules for \pagelink{AI Units}{AI targeting}.

```
